[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna talk about
a little bit more about tooling because
tooling's fun.
Let's talk about webpack.
So there's a bunch of
different packages out there.
I think many of you've probably
at least touched Browserify or
Webpack or Require or
something that's gonna use AMD,
they're common or yeah,
six imports or whatever.
We're gonna be using Webpack.
One, that seems to be the most
popular at this very moment in time
in the react community.
And two, we're actually gonna be taking
advantage of some of the more advanced
features tomorrow of Webpack.
But what is Webpack?
Webpack is just a build tool, right.
So if we look at our ClientaApp.js,
we have a bunch of stuff in the same file,
right.
This actually could be very easily
split up into a couple of files.
Most notably we could split out my title,
so it's just like, my title,
is just in its own file.
In fact we're literally about to do that.
[LAUGH] And then, what we can do
is we can require that file in and
then use it in here.
And I think that
separation of concerns and
that separation of code
makes a lot of sense, right?
However, JavaScript, until recently,
did not have the native ability to be able
to split code out into separate files.
Everything was expected to be
either global or in the same file.
So these build tools allow us to be able
to pull these files in separately without
polluting the global namespace.
Like right now we have React and
ReactDOM being pulled in.
But if you actually go into here.
I actually have React available
globally on my web page.
And that's a problem, right, you don't
wanna expose these things globally, you
wanna keep them all into a tight bundle
because if something later like some idiot
on your team overwrites React, your entire
app blows up and that's not a good thing.
And it's better to just have these local
scopes instead of this huge global mess.
That's a fun name of a method,
did you see that?
Secret DOM, do not use or
you will be fired.
>> All: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: I did not put that there.
How awesome, secret DOM server.
I love that.
I guess Facebook is serious about that.
Okay, so don't use that.
That's the second part of my
workshop is just don't use that and
you'll never be fired.
Okay, so
anyway let's talk about webpack so.
Like this is manageable because
we have 28 lines of code but
can you imagine the entire Netflix code
base in one giant file like it which is
just the worst thing ever.
Like your editor would
crash just on opening it.
Because we have hundreds of
thousands of lines of code.
So we wanna be able to split
them out into separate files.
We wanna be able to pull in
our dependencies in a nice,
beautiful way without having to
pollute our global namespace.
So enter Webpack,
Webpack's gonna do this for us.
You can also use Browserify.
My personal favorite
these days is Roll up.
Again we're not gonna be talking
about it but it's super cool.
So something to check
out in your own time.
The cool thing about roll
up is it does tree shaking.
So for example.
I mean everyone's used jQuery.
But the question I always have for
everyone, has anyone used all of jQuery?
And unexception well maybe you would
because he was on the jQuery UI team,
so you don't count.
Most people have not scratched the entire
surface and because there's but
200 methods in jQuery's.
200 plus, maybe 300 at this point.
An insane amount of methods.
So what tree-shaking is gonna do for you,
is it's actually going to shake out
the parts you don't use, and so
you are only including
the parts that you are using.
And it just cuts down on file sizes
automatically, automagically, for you.
Anyway, we're gonna be using Webpack,
we're not gonna be using rollup.
Cool, so let's go ahead and
split my tile into its own file.
So let's grab this right here and
we also need to grab that up there.
We're gonna create a new file.
We're gonna call it MyTitle.js
>> Brian Holt: And
I'm gonna put this in here.
>> Brian Holt: And then underneath here,
and this is super important,
you need to module.exports = MyTitle.
Now to head this question off of the pass
because I'm sure someone is typing it
right now, is that why are you
not using ES6 module [LAUGH].
The answer to that question is,
we're gonna be using this in React later.
And not that it's impossible
to use ES6 modules with Node.
We're gonna be using Node later.
And it's not impossible to
use ES6 modules with Node,
you just have to have like
another layer in front of it and
it's just like one more busy work
step that we don't wanna do.
So I'm gonna stick to common JS and
wait till the node ES6 story improves
before I switch to ES6 modules.
Because this works as is and
I'm happy with it.
So that's the answer to someone's
question that was coming.
Okay, so save that.
Go to a client app.
We can get rid of the MyTitle here now.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
And you can also get rid of the h1 here,
because we're not using it
anywhere inside of a client app.
>> Brian Holt: Or you can wait for
standard DLU, your choice.
And then the other thing we're
gonna do here is we're gonna say
var MyTitle = require('./MyTitle.').
You can put the .js on there
if it makes you feel better.
Webpack will infer that
you mean a JS file.
So either way works for you.
Okay, so now we have this
separated into two nice files.
But now we need to be able to
bundle them together, right.
Because your browser
doesn't speak that right.
Like if we come back over here and
try and run this again,
it's gonna say what the hell is require?
You just made that crap up.
So [COUGH] let's actually make Webpack
create this bundled file for us.
>> Brian Holt: So wanna make
sure you have Webpack installed.
It should already be, if you did the npm
installs, it should already be in there.
But we're gonna be running the client.
So yeah, you do have to install
it globally real quick.
Come here.
If you don't already have a public
directory, you actually probably should
cuz yeah, the CSS is in there so you
should already have a public directory.
And then what we're gonna do
now is we're gonna go to,
that's the other thing is we
need to go to index.html.
And we're no longer going
to refer to client app.js,
right, we're gonna be
referring to the bundled JS.
So what we're gonna do now instead of
saying client app here, we go ahead and
delete that and say,
>> Brian Holt: public/bundle.js.
The very nice part about doing it this way
is now that bundle is always going to have
everything we need and
we don't have to come back here and
modify every time we add a new file.
So, that's another added bonus.
Cuz I'm sure many of us have seen
like those projects that have like 15
dependencies underneath that, right?
That's crazy annoying.
Okay, so now let's go create
bundle in our command line.
We're gonna say Webpack and
we're just gonna say js/ App.
So you basically have to tell
Webpack where is my file.
Right, so where is my entry, and in our
case ClientApp is gonna be our entry.
And then we have to tell what
file we want it to generate.
So we want it to generate
public/bundle.js, okay.
We hit Enter.
You should get something
nice looking like that.
>> Brian Holt: And so now, if we go
over here and we open in public bundle,
she get this kind of crazy mess of stuff.
The top stuff appears like
basically make Require work and
then you'll see all your code down here.
>> Brian Holt: At this
point it's still readable.
We're going to make it an unreadable
mess here in about ten seconds,
okay,
>> Brian Holt: So
any other thing to take note,
if we say ls public -lsa.
Notice it's actually not a very big file,
right.
>> Brian Holt: We're also
going to change that shortly.
This is quickly going
to become a huge file.
>> Brian Holt: So now if you refresh
the page, it should still work.
And if you look at your network,
you see that you are pulling in
>> Brian Holt: Bundle, right there.
Bundle.js.